Phishing in Action
The end of the year is always immensely busy for Jasper.
So busy, in fact, that he tends to rush through his minor tasks
and clean up his inbox as quickly as possible.
Unfortunately, that hastiness led to a data breach.
While on a video call with several team members,
Jasper noticed an intriguing email from LinkedIn sitting in his inbox.
He quickly opened it,
noting that the email looked like all the other LinkedIn notifications,
and clicked on a link that appeared to come
from a potential client.
When the link took him to a login screen,
he let muscle memory take over and typed in his login.
When this led him to a broken website,
he just assumed LinkedIn was down,
closed the window, and got back to the call.
A short time later,
the IT team discovered that his
corporate username and password had been stolen,
and that bad actors had managed to
gain access to the confidential information
of all of the organization’s customers as a result.
All it took was clever social engineering
and an unaware, distracted click.
Key Takeaways
Scammers craft emails that impersonate
real websites or apps.
Hasty clicks are dangerous clicks.
Slow down and thoroughly inspect
emails before taking any action.